Added firebase development config (#254)
better-rail/app: README.md

- Fork the repo and clone to your machine.
- Run `yarn install`

> - Run `npm run rename-dev-configs` to rename the firebase development configs
> - Run `npm run start` to open the metro bundler
> - Run the app with `npm run ios` (for opening the iPhone simulator) or `npm run android` (for the Android simulator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `yarn rename-dev-configs` to rename the firebase development configs
- Run `yarn start` to start metro dev server
- Run the app with `yarn ios` (to open the iPhone simulator) or `yarn android` (for the Android simulator).
```
